Update Default Value for Jaeger Exporter Endpoint (#1824)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

### Removed

- Removed the functions `CollectorEndpointFromEnv` and `WithCollectorEndpointOptionFromEnv` from the Jaeger exporter.

>   These functions for retrieving specific environment variable values are redundant and can instead utilize `envOr` 
>   which works generically for all environment variables. (#1824)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  These functions for retrieving specific environment variable values are redundant of other internal functions and are not intended for end user use. (#1824)
```
